Halli hello and welcome fame
atra here and today are back here with you
a small round couch of legends
but not quite casual stain but
only in the background you see no
couple of gameplays from me a couple of cool
team files or multiple killings of
me or from opponents
I think it's cool in the first game
I think I trade ag carey is before
I like everything very much right now
because with anni support and in the others
Keep this up because the corn is sugar
long it was just incredibly cool
looks
ok so we come to the topic of
this video, and yes I have
Achieved a thousand subscribers and for that
I thank you so incredibly I want
think it really cool, I would have
never counted that a thousand
reach subscribers because I have my 1000th
ducks is already relatively large number I
had before it one or the other
operating channel before I started
yes it never has up to 1000
served with the minecraft channel
I stopped at 780 because it did
just so many people minecraft and
other collect channel I was with
quite a lot of pals had made too
Fifth leads there we stayed too
at 900 something is so I have
I have never had it on 1000 yet
managed and also somewhere look forward then
said i never manage it at 1000 but i do
I even managed to 1000 I find
it really cool
and for that i would like to thank you and
Although I will lose a paysafecard
because i was thinking i could
I could not think of anything better
could give away
i would say i lost to the chin
I would have to do that with the one
I then later give the skin long
be friends and it is such a thing
then I do not exactly know the movies
in the paysafecard then you have the
Choice of what you do with it maybe
does not play so much league
but just watch with him or something
I know what you like and if
the paysafecard you just have the
choice what you would like to do you would
Of course you can then with the
paysafecard skins pick up at league of
Legend, of course, the most obvious
is or you guys have the gang up
something to take and through
get a thrilling game or what do I know
do with the
10 euro then what you want so how
I already said this
paysafecard code lost
the conditions around at this
Raffle is actually to participate
very simple so first should
you subscribe to be me
that's very clear that we too
check and then you should me
please write in the comments what
I like my videos and what
you do not like it so much just write
below in the comments
example yes your videos are good me
think you are very sympathetic blabla
That's why I think that you are not so much
and you have to change a channel or you
Write me the comments what I
you would rather have what you find
what I could do better
example sometimes purely describes yes
Do you have a little background noise ?
I do not like it that way or not
always so blabla I do not know me
do not watch my videos myself
often as you probably mean
watch videos is quite logical and
therefore you write me in the
comments on what I could improve and
what I can do better
you can also give me suggestions for
bring new series because at the moment
I wrestled gameplays and news that is
yes actually all my time
assortment on this channel and you can
also just write in yes what would be
it with a series where you
any top five days or uploads
the boy thinks something original
if something comes out if you
of course, do not mind something
i can conceive it my
Look at this video already thinking
Music likes to think that out and have fun
rate just write in the
Comments
I think I'm super , keep it up
actually enough already completely in
the no buck you have something
to think of or somehow more with the
to deal with matter
foreign words here and then I will
raffle among all the comments and
the one who won will get it
then a message from me
probably in the youtube
Inbox I still have to look
maybe I will too
my resolution video that you think about
I'll definitely get it then
this message and then he answers
within seven days with me or
I 'm just giving away new ones when he does
So I describe the message
and then I will every day the
paysafecard check if then still good
on it is and then I will if it
the credits after seven days out
is I'll just re-draw it
because he probably means mine
message did not get and everyone
which of you a comment below
Of course, writing has the chance
win and then I thank you
right again oh yes just wait
to forget
I'll do the raffle now
four weeks let in for a while
my diary we have look
now the 30 but 29
when the video is uploaded to me
we would say
until sunday the 9 1 until the end of january until
to 31
january time then you have now
to write time inhabitants comments
and after that I will use this paysafecard
give away then thank me right
warmly for all who have watched
and of course, as always, I would
happy about a like awful though
the animal is not absolutely necessary
then there is a raffle video
although you might like it too
Whatever does what you want
Thank you for watching this video
have looked at here and hope
that I continue my other videos
please and thank me again right
Sincerely for the 1000 subscribers and
of course, a happy new year
because I go now go first
will only be nobly headed up
Reunion and skin pure people
slow motion